fix fluentbit naming and release (#1290)
DataDog/integrations-extras: fluentbit/README.md

### Installation

### Installation

> For Agent v7.21+ / v6.21+, follow the instructions below to install the Sendmail check on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][3] to install with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Agent.

Author: ```suggestion
For Agent v7.21+ / v6.21+, follow the instructions below to install the Fluent Bit check on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][3] to install with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Agent.
```
